---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Prior to my first week, I met with my advisors (Tom Williams, Terran Mott and Saad Elbeleidy) to discuss my summer research goals and to learn more about the different projects at the [MirrorLab](https://mirrorlab.mines.edu/). My two goals were to utilize the skills I learned in my Human Computer Interaction class, specifically, user research and design. In addition, I also wanted to practice my development skills. We honed in on my focus for the summer which will be designing and developing a Session Summary Report for the [PeerBots](https://www.peerbots.org/) interface that will support the workflows of teleoperators. In our case, teleoperators are educators and therapists. PeerBots is an application that teleoperators can use to control a robot. 

Research Problem: Most research with socially assitive robots (SARs) have been focused on its effect on children. However, teleoperators are the ones that have to integrate SARs into their programs, yet, there is not much research on how SARs can be designed to provide tools that support teleoperators. 

During my first week, I drafted a strategy plan for my user interviews which included questions and expected flow. We're trying to get a better understanding of the end-to-end process of how therapists and educators reflect on their sessions so the first part of my interview will consist of exploratory questions. The second part will be a design feedback session where I will show them an initial sketch for a Session Summary Report (SSR). The goal of the SSR is to help therapists and educators reflect on their session. Before sketching the SSR I needed to understand how PeerBots worked and what metadata it already captured. It was interesting to sketch a design without talking to the taget users first; however, the existing research papers and data visualizations helped guide my initial sketches. 
