---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

Two major changes to my research happened during Week 3. First, my initial plan was to interview St. Vrain educators because they have experience with socially assistive robots(SARs - PeerBots specifically). MIRRORLab worked with St. Vrain before so the expectation was it'd be easier to interview with them.
However, before I can start interviewing their teachers, I would need to complete their approval process which would take about a month. Due to this, I pivoted to interview any teachers with or without SAR experience. Second, I planned to program my design, but learning HTML, CSS, Javascript in less than 7 weeks would be a huge feat. 
I am deprioritizing development and instead focusing on qualitiative work and prototyping on Figma. Lastly, we are aiming to submit my research to [CHI](https://chi2023.acm.org/for-authors/papers/) so my focus will be on drafting my paper during downtime. 

For Week 3, I compiled a list of educators and child therapists to reach out to utilizing school directories, focusing on STEM teachers. I reached out to a combination of therapist groups and individual therapists making sure they had child therapy expereince before reaching out. Below is a sample of an outreach message. I customized the message baseed on their background (educator or therapist) and if I am reaching out to a group vs an individual. 


<strong>Outreach message for individual Therapists: </strong>
    

>Hi [name], 
>
>The MIRRORLab, at the Colorado School of Mines, is pursuing research in developing a tool to support the workflows of therapists and would like to interview you!
>The goal of this research is to design a customizable and easy-to-user interface that will ultimately help ease the use of socially assistive robots in client sessions with children.
>
>I am reaching out because of your experience with child therapy. Your insight will be valuable in better understanding a therapist’s processes and what types of tools best support them. Would you be interested?
>
>No prior experience with robots or technology is required.
>
>Participants will be awarded a $30 gift card after completing the interview. If you are interested, please schedule time with me HERE.
>
>Please don't hesitate to reach out with any questions!
>
>Thanks,
Shane


I reached out to 12 therapists and 13 educators and also updated pre-interview documents such as consent forms to ensure we are all set before interviews started. 
